[{,…}, {,…}, {,…}, {,…}, {,…}, {,…}, {,…}, {,…}, {,…}]
0: {,…}
barech: "It feels very good to draw forth meaning from my being, especially to use beliefs and teachings to help guide my service, because it helps a lot, and ti helps me to feel like I am not alone and this is a good thing, and I have a fear of neglecting myself and I think that this is a means not to do this. Incorporating meaning and beliefs is a good thing and addressing my past and connecting with the beliefs of my past has proved to be something which is really beneficial and helpful for me and I have really enjoyed it and it has helped me to feel connected with myself and like I have meaning and I really appreciate this. Whilst forsaking meaning and my beliefs can feel anxiety inducing and it can feel horrible but incorporating meaning into something new can help me to learn about things in some way and this has been something which has been really good as well. "
hallel: "It could be to actively show care for others and not just to neglect there existence (feel, care love your fellow), -Cleanse aspects of my soul which are associated with death (love your fellow, there is Life beyond death , bringing forth the good), - To connect with and draw forth meaning from new things (Do not murder love your fellow, have a reminder between your eyes), to connect with the meaning from new thoughts and feelings (Do not neglect meaning, to csre, to be fruitful and multiply, have a reminder between your eyes), Not to idealise (Connect with and draw forth the meaning, to feel, to connect with Life, and not to worship idols, and so many times I have been lead astray in the pursuit of idealised things) "
kadesh: "I relied on religion a lot this summer, I relied on God, I relied on the few things which I did believe and I knew that I believed in Judaism I could feel the Torah and that it had meaning and that it was kind of living."
karpas: "* To obey Judaism, * To connect with my beliefs."
korech: "Connect with the meaning which is external to myself (Do not neglect meaning,Love the L-rd, love your fellow, cleave to Him, have a relationship with Life), - Appreciate the good which is external to me (eat be sated, cleave to Him)"
maggid: "I did struggle a lot, when I had separated from orthodoxy it was difficult for me, and also afterwards, since then I have felt guilty for a long time. For the truth is, for a long time for about nearly a year I had relied heavily on orthodoxy as a source of meaning, but I think it was also out of fear as well as love. I loved religion but I feared Life, and I felt I did not know how else for me to connect with meaning and with my beliefs and it was really hard for me. Yet, once I had separated and even condemned orthodoxy I had kind of struggled to derive meaning and to connect with it in the future and I think that this is something which is difficult and it is something which I really feel was difficult for me to connect with, and even now, and I feel guilty for it like I had separated myself from my fellows, and my fellow self. I was so desperate to connect with beliefs and with my religion and I had struggled so much. I think it may be important to recognise our struggles especially in the context of this, in this place of service because it helps to give us integrity and this is something which is very important in Life. I left orthodoxy because I did not feel it was aligned with my beliefs and with my values, but I think  I also even incorporated the orthodox perspective into what I was doing later on, via karpas. Overcoming mys struggles and coming to develop and understand this service is the greatest and most proud achievement of my entire life, in a sense, and it is always through the help of Hashem. I did not completely forsake orthodoxy, I condemned it which may not have been good but I think I may have neglected my dependence on it a little bit. For during the last year of my university I had depended on orthodox massively, through fear, through such an intense fear of change and losing myself. I felt towards the end of the year, excessively, that it was holding me back and that I may have missed out on some things, and I think that this remains true and that I may have missed out on joy during this year. It was my own doing though, into leading me into this state of fear, and from this fear has come a dependency on my beliefs and on God. ↵And then, I also forsook my being and some other things. I forsook who I was during that difficult summer in my life. Was this summer when I was enslaved? It may have been. Enslaved by this idea which I had for me. I don't know, but I forsook my value for friends a little bit, I was distanced from it, I viewed some of these friendships as negative, when they had really been a source of meaning for me, but also I think I depended on them too much, and also I think I depended on orthodoxy too much. I think it is inevitable for one's faith to kind of develop and expand and to grow and to change and this may be a good thing, it is concordant with my belief and views that the Oral Torah should not be fixed, but it does not mean that they are not a source of meaning. I think there is heaps of meaning in friendships and in orthodox Judaism and rather I think it is good to kind of liberate such things and such aspects of the past to be free. I forsook running because I was scared of it and I thought it was bad for me when in the past it had been a means for me to connect with Hashem, that I did bad runs, was because of me and my place in Life, and not just for running, it had really been that it is eternally bad? For it had been a therapeutic means for me to connect with my thoughts and this was a good thing. I think that therefore not only is it good for me to  connect with my past beings, with former aspects of my self (we are prone to change, for we are made in God's image, and G-d is formless). Yet to connect with the meaning of the past and to incorporate sources of meaning from the past, because it returns one to oneself and connects one with meaning. For before this, I have felt isolated and neglectful towards myself and so much I have a fear of losing myself, it is true every time I go through a period of change in my Life. ↵For before I came to Israel, I was petrified of coming to Israel- even though change is good! I was petrified of losing myself, but really it is also a means to bring my being forward and to grow- I was sad in London, I liked it but I was a bit sad about some things. It is a good thing to travel and to change a little bit. I am scared now as well, with the end of ITC coming, and I feel that it does not mean it will cease to exist, especially because I believe in Life after death- as this part of my being ceases to exist, it will forever be and it will be a part of me for now on. I want to incorporate aspects of meaning into my future because I think that this is important. It says not to eat the sinew of the thigh, and so it is a bad thing to escape oneself. In regards to worshipping Hashem, and having a relationship with Life, which is an important thing it means- to connect with aspects from my past which are source of meaning, i.e. to connect with meaning from the past, in relation to myself but also more boradly with religion in regards to karpas, and to liberate and free this meaning. How si this done? Speak of them, it says to speak of them, and I think mentioning them brings them into existence and this is something which is really very good to be doing. In relation to Tzafun? I have been feeling recently like I may be wrong about Tzafun, that it may not solely be about pursuits, I think it may be similar to Tzafon in spelling, and therefore similar to 'north' in meaning as well. I think it can relate to public things, but perhaps not just to goals or pursuits?!? but rather to one's behaviour in relation to public things. For so long I had suppressed myself in regards to public matters and I had been subdued about my desires, pursuits and beliefs, I don't know if out of shame or out of shyness, but I think it is really good to be open about ones beliefs, because it is fruitful, and helps to bring them about into existence and because helps to reaffirm them into one's life, and I think it is unifying for oneself, as it says not to eat the sinew of the thigh, and so it is also similar to relieving that which is subdued within one's being, it is like bringing forth meaning from within one's being, and it need not just be from within one's being but also to relate to these beliefs broadly. It helps to link beliefs to external things, like it helps to justify them and helps me to feel connected to such things and it is like bringing beliefs into the world and listening tot hem and connecting with Life, and integrating my beliefs into the world and I think this is a very good thing to be doing. How does this relate to actions, or the stricter meaning of this? To connect with the meaning which is within my being, and not to neglect it. How do I do this? Through actively connecting with the meaning which is within my being, and purposefully not to neglect my beliefs, my values, or sources of meaning. I think it is not to neglect sources of meaning from within my being. Does this need a more explicit kind of meaning to it? For in truth, I do not know how I feel about Maror, and what should be brought forth from this. In regards to Korech, it says to have a reminder between my eyes and therefore it is like looking outwards, and it says to cleave to Him, and therefore it is to connect meaning to that which I am pursuing or desiring as it says to circumcise the flesh, and to cleave to Him. I regards to action, it says to bind them as a sign upon your arm, and therefore it is to connect meaning to my actions, to do things which connect me with meaning. It says not to commit adultery and therefore to connect with actions which I know connect me with meaning, and which are reliable for I think this is a good thing- such as writing, or cooking or things which are justified and proven, because often I can struggle to connect with that which I feel has meaning and it says to cleave to Him. Yet, it is bad to idealise such things, and to escape through them and the essence of this is to not escape from oneself.  "
maror: "Connect with the goodness which is within me (Cleave to Him, have a relationship with Life, hear O'Israel)- Recognise and connect with my beliefs and and values(hear O'Israel, have a reminder between your eyes, fear the L-rd, and worship Him, swear in His name), - Bring forth the beliefs which I have withing my being (Connect with Life, worshp Hashem, have  a relationship with Him, speak of them)"
matzah: "Connect with meaning within life"
motzi: "To connect with meaning."
nirtzah: "Life is incredible and it is good and I love Hashem and I love Life, and connecting with meaning and with goodness is something which is incredible. So much good can come froth from drawing forth meaning, and it is like Life coming forth. Yet, neglecting it is betraying it and it is like coveting an escape it is not healthy and it is not real or honest, for here I am, and this is me, and I cannot escape this. "
rachtzah: "I took a break from this for a couple of days and I also took a break from doing development of service, both of these I fear are not very fruitful things and do not bring a lot of love. I suppose I had felt depressed for a couple of days, I am not sure if I have a good relationship with my ego at the moment. I do not know what will happen in the future, but I really hope it is a good thing. I hope to be cleansd, and I think there is immense freedom in Life, and there is goodness which there is to connect with and Life is special. I think there is a lot I may learn from at the moment and I think that this is special and a good thing too. I really am finding this a little bit hard at times. I believe in Life and in goodness, but I am exhausted, really exhausted from this course and I think it is not just me. I think these steps are not perfect, I think that there is a fault in them in some place and so I think that this could do with being mended or fixed in some manner of ways. Honestly, I have done really well in many ways, I have learnt so much from this course and I think it is something which is really enjoyable, and I think it is something which will help me very much in the long run. I don't know whether to take a few days off at the end of the course to try and take a break or pursue or establish my interests a little bit and perhaps to try and get settled into Israel. I think it is a little bit important to me. I miss home a little bit. I do not understand why some things have not been going well for me at the moment. Perhaps, it is because of the big expectations on the development of service, perhaps it is because I am trying to write a new song again, and it is something which has bad things associated with it, but I did cleanse it. Why do I want to pursue it now? Firstly, to be true to myself and to my word. Secondly, to try and bring goodness forth, I think very good things may come from this, I think it is a good thing to express one's beliefs. Also because I have found it hard to write before and I would like to progress with my writing a little bit. If I sell it as a book then I think that I can use the money to fund the progression and development of service. Yet this is so far in advance I think I cannot think about it and I think I should not think about it right now. I want to progress with the development of service and I think writing about service is a means to do so and this is a means to help me to understand the structure of service as well. I think it is something which is really important to me. It is also something which is really hard and admittedly I struggled to progress with it before and I also put off addressing it before. I feel embarrassed for sharing the first part of it and then ceasing to share any more of it, I feel like this is a bad thing. I think that before I progress with this, I should really address my past first and I don't know if I should do this now or if I should finish addressing and reviewing my past. I think going to bed a little bit early and having a shower beforehand is a good thing it enables me to be in a good state to address my beliefs beforehand and it is like I am focused and it helps me to feel good about myself. I think I should stay true to myself and finish this kind of the review and then continue with it, because this is something which is really really important to me and I hope for Life to be brought forth from this. This is not the only thing I wish to write about as well. Admittedly,I had also tried to write about other things upon coming here, I committed myself to writing about Israel and also about philosophy or morality. I do not know what will happen yet but these are also areas of interest for me, and I find them deeply tantalising and invigorating and meaningful. I do not know if I can listen to music in the next three weeks, I don't know- perhaps I may not but I don't fully understand why, is it just because of the orthodox perspective, perhaps because I myself miss service too, and I miss it a lot for me. Addressing the orthodox perspective was really something which was important for me and I wish to be doing more of this as well. It helps me to learn new things and to address things from a different perspective. Okay I have learnt a fair bit here and I hope things go well soon, and I hope to connect with meaning. I think if I am actively trying to fdevelop service then I may listen to music because this brings me joy and it connects me with meaning and with the development of service. I do not know what to believe about who I am, but I think I should not reject it, I am a rich person with a lot of depth and I think I am interestin because I have experienced a lot and I think I am thoughtful and also quite independent and caring about others, I think I care about others to a fair degree, but I think I can be selfish and limited at times, but I also think this is the nature of the human being. I fear many things, but I think the essence of this weeks teaching is to draw out meaning from things, to connect with the meaning from aspects of my past, from orthodox Judaism from my surroundings and from Life and I think that therefore it is to reveal meaning in a sense, or even to bring forth meaning, to connect with the meaning which is hidden, does this mean to reveal it? Not completely, For so long I forsook my past and some other things and it was not a good thing for me to be doing. I suppose it is to connect with meaning. I think I should make a review of things which should be amended and included from this, to review the good and also the bad as well. I don't know how to phrase this belief, I suppose it is to connect with meaning, and this can relate to things which exist or even in that which does not , it can be a means of having a reminder between one's eyes, to connect with the meaning in one's sight, for it can relate to something which is internal as well. "
shulchan_orech: "Bring forth beliefs from my story (Swear in His name, not to neglect feeling, swear in His name, have a relationship with Life), - To incorporate my values into the process of bringing forth teachings (honour your parebts, love your fellow, there is a single consciousness, not to neglect meaning, to care about things), -Not to forsake the good from my story (love your fellow, cleave to Him, have a relationship with Life, to feel, Hashem is the L-rd, Who took me out of Egypt). - Not just to bring forth teachings in relation to pursuits for the Tzafun stage (Do not neglect meaning love your fellow, love the L-rd), - Bring forth teachings which relate to existing in public (Do not make a graven image, speak of them, love your fellow, hear O'Israel), - Relate teachings to public behaviour (hear o'Israel, have a reminder on the gates, cleave to Him, prayers for travelling, worship the L-rd)"
tzafun: "Not to forsake feelings and values in the pursuit of things (Not to neglect meaning, cleave to Him, to feel, it is okay to be mortal; there is Life after death). Do not seek to idealise or glorify myself (Do not worship idols, do not neglect meaning, I am mortal, and I have strugggled countless times and so it is not fair nor good to be doing this), - speak of meaning(Speak of them, do not neglect feeling, cleave to Him), - This includes to practice my beliefs in public (love your fellow, I like doing things in public, love the L-rd, to remain loyal to that which I love or am bound to and to care about things)"
urchatz: "It did not save my urchatz and I think this is because perhaps I did not make changes to it and I think that this is a little bit of a problematic issue. When it updates the fields I think it should also update the steps object.  "
yachatz: "* I don't feel I agree with orthodoxy, it can be really strict. * Further, I believe the written law trumps the oral law in terms of importance, and that perhaps the oral law should be more fluid."
1: {,…}
barech: "I found it a little bit difficult this week with a few things, but I have also learnt a lot and I think that this is something which is great and I am lad for this. Freedom is a good thing and I think it is a good thing to connect with freedom as well, I have felt lonely a little bit at times, but I think it has been very good to connect with my beliefs in public I think that this can help to give me some feelings of comfort and confidence a little bit, but I have been feeling like I have been a bit isolated where I am in some ways. At least I have my beliefs and my pursuit of meaning and me trying to attach towards good and I think that this is a good thing. Fearing freedom is a good thing and resolving it towards my beliefs is also a good thing it helps me to attach to good things and to e fruitful but perhaps also not to forsake meaning from my past and to try and connect with meaning from this because I believe it to be important and a good thing to be doing. "
hallel: "To connect with meaning which I do feel comfortable with in public (Not to eat the sinew of the thigh, I am the L-rd, speak of them, incorporate consciousness.)"
kadesh: "I do not completely think that change is bad, rather since then I have even thought that change or choice relates to God. So I think that this is something special."
karpas: "- Choice, or free will, was a gift given from Hashem to mankind. - It is possible to make bad decisions, i.e. we have the free will to do good and bad."
korech: "It is permissible to fear freedom (Fear the L-rd, this is also a means of connecting with freedom, To feel and not to neglect meaning)- Resolve such feelings in accordance with my beliefs(Worship Hashem, speak of them, I think giving myself over to this is humbling, and connects me with Life; connect with Life, have a relationship with Life, Do not worship idols)"
maggid: "There is a bug here, when pressing submit and leaving some fields unchanged it will fail to update them, this is something which I fear could have bad consequences. I kind of think that I should add the gate and be able to load the steps from here because I think that this would be beneficial, and somehow have a kind of search bar to load them in a sense. ↵↵I state this here, for I know not else what to do with this. I am struggling to get over Serena, she was a part of my life, and I was obsessed with her at one point, and I really wanted things to work, and I still find my mind returning to her, like it really struggles to just move on, I don't know if it is normal or not. I am yet to find someone else who I feel comfortable to love, perhaps because I am not putting myself out there and yet I still feel attracted to other women in a sense, but I remain drawn to the comforting idea of her, in neither love or hate really just pure existence. We had a tumultuous relationship, it was really difficult at times. I don't know what to do, and for a long time after us I took a break from women and I am scared that I am meant to be alone. If change is good then why do I cling to this remnant of my past. Serena, Serena, let me free, let me be, let me be me, let me  be proud in my beliefs. I don't know what to do. I feel trapped by this at times. So it is not something which is good and I sought her in feeling and in love as much as an escape, I thought we could have something good, I thought we could have a life together, and now I know or feel or fear it is not true and we can have turmoil together, to such an extent that it drowns any good which may be. I know not what to do, and I fear I should ignore it but I do not know how. I felt so uncomfortable when I was with her, I felt uncomfortable with my beliefs, and like I had to hide who I was and I felt suppressed and it was horrible, one of the things I clung to after this was the importance of being with someone that has similar values, I did not feel like this is what we had. I felt we wanted different things, and I think the result of the letter proved it, and it was me that had to approach her with this, not the other way round. When I was struggling with us she did so little, and she failed to prove that she wanted us. ↵↵I am scared of change, I am a little bit scared of choice and at the moment I am scared of commitment. I am scared of meaning and scared of Life, like I have been for so long. I remember the run and I thought I was right and I thought I was clever when I declared change was bad, but it was okay for me to fail, and it was okay for me to be tired after the run, for I am not perfect and I expected perfectionism from me so often- at least seemingly so. I rememeber the feeling of anxiety over choice and over freedom and I think it is so important to connect with Hashem in such times, as it says to fear the L-rd, to cleave to Him and to worship Him and it really helps me. ↵Coming to Israel was a difficult decision for me, it was not easy, but I think it was a good one so far. It has not been easy but I have learnt so much and I am still learning so much. The novelty has worn off and it has not all been easy, rather I have been depressed at times, I think from expectation or pressure. For sometimes I do set expectations upon myself and I do find it hard to cling to and to stick to. It is the same matter of idealising life but the essence of this dictates how impossible doing this really is. For Life is free and Life has more freedom than I could ever imagine, it is so deep in meaning, and I think I declared this and other things with a confidence which is so naive and I brought suffering upon myself for I took Hashem's name in vain, and I have done this often with making bad decisions and this is therefore the importance of making decisions which are aligned with my beliefs. I think it is a good thing to remember that anything is possible, and this is a means of clinging to Hashem. I suffered later in this year, for when I was at university I did not change and yet change is not a bad thing, or choice is not a bad thing, and I think it is a bad thing to shut out choice, to restrict it or to attempt to limit it. For this is what is happening when I set expectations, and what about laws, teachings which I bring forth, is this not limiting choice? This is a hard thing for it is good to make decisions which are aligned with my beliefs and with freedom. I do not know what to say or do. I think it is bad to connect with that which is not aligned with my beliefs, and this is akin to pursuing someone that is not aligned with my beliefs. I was reluctant to change in my last year of university, I may have restricted freedom in thinking I was the Messiah, I put myself in a box and it was not a good thing, and I think that at the time I did believe this and so is it possible that even in accordance with one's beliefs one may restrict oneself? I think so, for it says not to make with Me. gods of silver or gold. I felt trapped in that last year, and I realised it was not connected with my beliefs. I do not know what to do in honesty. ↵I have spent countless hours studying these commandments, also now my personal beliefs, and what a blessing it has been and how much I have learnt, it is vast and it has delimited my mind, and enabled me to connect with much more things. Yet I remain ignorant, and yet I am too scared to do so many things. I fear Life, I fear what people may think of me and I have largely been studying this in a manner which is hidden and shut out, I have not been doing this in a majorly open manner. I have kept it to myself, and I do not know if this is a good or a bad thing, but at times I have felt isolated in my beliefs and it has been something which is really hard for me at times. I felt uncomfortable with my beliefs around Serena , but I am entitled to them, and it is not just around her but also around other people too. I don't know what to say now or what to bring forth except to make my decisions in alignment with my beliefs and with my values, and yes they may be scary but it is okay to be scared of them, it is normal and it reinforces one's existence in a sense, for it is a good thing to live, and it is a good thing to live in accordance with one's beliefs. IT was also scary for me to go to Yeshivah but it was one of the best things which I did. It was scary for me to start dating Serena, but I felt and learnt a lot with her. It was scary for me to come out here, but it was a good thing. So it is okay to do scary things, but to have faith in God as well in doing such things. Is there anything more which I may do or say or achieve here? How does this relate to service? It can of course be to bring forth teachings which incorporate Life, as it says to have a relationship with Life, and to care about things and therefore to let Life in. It can also be to align the development of service with my beliefs. And about public behaviour? To do that which is aligned with my beliefs (cleave to Him, swear in His name, I am the L-rd, not to commit adultery), this is true even if it is scary (Fear the L-rd, love your fellow,do not bare false witness, do not covet, do not define oneself), but also not to idealise one or suppress others (love your fellow, do not make a graven image, trying to glorify myself has caused me much suffering in the past). How does this relate to action? To connect with decisions,(Cleave to Him, love Him, and swear in His name, and therefore to make them in accordance with my beliefs (worship Him). Also not to fixate on things things, or idealise things ("I am the L-rd, to let in feeling, it is okay to be small and limited, do not worship the gods of others"). It is also okay to fear choice, and as it is good to connect with choice this is a means to do that and also not to idealise things, (Fear the L-rd, it is a good thing to feel, love your fellow, choice incorporates conssciousness) To resolve such fear in accordance with my beliefs (Fear the L-rd, worship Him, let these things be upon your heart, swear in His name, love the L-rd.)"
maror: "*Do not forsake or shut out freedom (Have a relationship with Life, to feel, love the L-rd, not to neglect meaning). * Connect with my beliefs (They are freeing, cleave to Him, care for others)"
matzah: "Connect with freedom."
motzi: "Freedom is a good thing."
nirtzah: "Freedom is so important and I think it is a good thing to connect with forsaking it is forsaking myself and it is not a good thing for me to be doing. "
rachtzah: ""
shulchan_orech: "Bring forth teachings which are aligned with my beliefs (Speak of them, love your fellow, hear O'Israel)- enable my beliefs to guide the teachings (Teach them to your sons, honour your parents, have a reminder between your eyes, have a reminder on the doorposts of your house). [Is it possible to bring forth a few teachings here or is better to focus on a few things - for I think it is also good to bring forth teachings in alignment with my beliefs.]"
tzafun: "* It is permissible to fear connecting with God in public (Fear the L-rd, feeling,to connect with meaning)- However to recognise such feelings (There is Life beyond death, to connect with feeling, to be fruitful and multiply . - to resolve these fears in accordance with my beliefs(speak of them, do not worship idols, to connect with meaning, I think doing things in public can have a lot of meaning, to swear in His name)"
urchatz: "I am worried regarding this, that I am trying to attribute qualities to Hashem, I have believed that He is the God of freedom. It states that Hashem took us out of the house of bondage, and I think it is is true that Hashem has removed us from suffering. Life has delivered me from many of my sufferings in the past and I suppose also in the present, and I wish to cleave to such feelings and to such means of overcoming suffering, because I don' like suffering. I think, or feel that a means of doing this is to realise my freedom, I think that this is a good thing, and I think wanting or lusting over slavery in some sense is bad, but to realise my freedom is surely something which is good and it could be in a means of utilising my freedom, and connecting with meaning, and this is an expression of freedom, to cleave to freedom and to meaning and to that which is important to me is an expression of freedom. It is also an expression of individuality and this may be something which is also special, Hashem is individual He is unique and His Being is not defined by me. I think that also realising and knowing that I am free is perhaps a good thing and it is likely okay to be scared of freedom, and perhaps a good thing to because it is possible to forsake meaning and pursue that which is bad and can bring an end to one's existence and this is not something which is good. Perhaps an example of this is smoking, but it is not completely clear for me. Another thing is that I think it is then not good to shut out freedom, to ignore it or to forsake it, because I think this is bad and it is like forsaking Hashem and it is not akin to loving Him, for it is not incorporating Him, so is pursuing ideals and ideas and fixed ideas because these are not reflective of Life nor of freedom, they are rigid and not good. I also think it is a good thing to perhaps have a range of ways to connect with a commandment and with a mitzvah because it is something which is really important. I love freedom."
yachatz: "-Choice is scary, free will is scary, and I think it is supposed to be, and that it is good to fear it, but also choice is a good thing. - There is clearly a lot of responsibility and meaning which comes with choice."
2: {,…}
barech: "One of the things I think I have decided today is to begin with trying to do the tutorial and beginning with the development of service, I am trying not to run from my fears and I am trying to connect with meaning and unify it in a sense and gain a deeper understanding of things, and I think that this is something which is very important for me. I think it feels really good that this is something which is aligned with my beliefs. Doing things in a manner which is not in the pursuit of my beliefs or is in the pursuit of ideals and ideas can be bad and it can hinder trying to bring forth Life in a sense. I think it is a good thing to connect with women who help me to be myself but also help to get the best out of me, and I think that this si true with ideas and pursuits as well, because it is important to be aligned with one's beliefs and with one's values and I think that this is very important. On the other side of this it has been very beneficial for me to connect with things and to pursue things in accordance with meaning and I think that this means with tzafun I should actively link the beliefs to that which I am trying to do because I think that this is something which is really important. I still do not know about the Shabbat so much and this is something which bothers me a touch but I think it is good not to work on the Shabbat and to kind of let go of choice a little bit because I think that this can be a good and important thing to be doing. It proves fruitful when I connect with ym beliefs and it makes me feel anxious when I do not and it isa little bit despairing because I can get very very anxious sometimes and this is not a good thing for me. Sometimes pursuits are shortlived though and so afterwards it can feel a little bit lonely, and this is why I think it is important to connect with that which is aligned with my beliefs because I think that this is very important and good."
hallel: "* To actively link the commandments to my actions (Cleave to Him, love Him with all your might)) "
kadesh: "I was scared of Life, I blasphemed in saying this as well, it was bad, I took God’s name in vain and I stated something about Life without much thought, and it was bad."
karpas: "* Not only our actions have meaning so do our decisions. * Our beliefs are a big part of who we are. "
korech: "* Pursuing fixed ideals is limiting (Life does not have form, have a reminder between your eyes, meaning does not have form, cleave to Him, not to determine who I am.) * Do not idealise who I am (Do not worship the gods of others, cleave to freedom , I am the L-rd)* It is good to have flaws (Do not covet, do not make a graven image, have a relationship with Life, there is existence beyond death)* It is good to associate and appreciate that which I have (Eat and be sated and bless the L-rd, have a relationship with Life, love the L-rd...)"
maggid: "I believed in something which lead me to a bad pla"
maror: "* Do not make decisions which forsake my beliefs (Cleave to Him, to feel- and therefore to let feeling in, to incorporate consciousness, not to take His name in vain, choice is a good thing and to connect with it and therefore also the meaning which is within this.)* To make decisions which improve my relationship with Life (Cleave to Him, circumcise the flesh, to have a relationship with Him.)* Not to make decisions to pursue fixed ideas (Not to determine who I am, not to make a graven image, I made decisions based on false and bad ideals in the past and it was not a good thing. )"
matzah: "Not to make decisions outside of my beliefs."
motzi: "It is harmful to make decisions outside of my beliefs."
nirtzah: "I think it is a good thing to connect with my values and with my beliefs and forsaking them can bring bad things and can cause me not to feel good, it is really very good to respect my beliefs and not to forsake them."
rachtzah: "The essence of this is that it is really bad for me to be making decisions which are against Life and against my beliefs and in a sense this relates to me trying to make decisions which are outside my beliefs and therefore I think it is a good thing for me to connect with my beliefs and with meaning, especially if I am going to be doing this, I think it is unifying and I want it for the sake of my beliefs and for my relationship with Hashem, but I don't know how I am going to be doing this publicly, for now I can just post it on github and this is public but I do not know if it is something which should be shared with others more and I think it is a little bit scary for me, but perhaps this is why it is a good thing for me to be doing in a kind of sense. This is the scariest part for me. Anyway for now it is to be doing things in a manner which is aligned with my beliefs and with meaning and I think that this is something which is really really important for me and I hope to connect with meaning and with goodness. I believe in Hashem and in goodness and I think it is important to be connecting with meaning and I think if I do this publicly it can be even more meaningful to me and it can truly bind me to this and it can be something which is truly incredible and a good thing and not just for this with the tutorial it can give people a basic understanding and an involvement with the commandment and this is something which is good and important and I think that there is meaning which is within this and I think it is a very good thing but I am scared of the broader meaning that people will think it is the Sanctuary and that I will think I am something or put myself in a box through this and I think that this is bad. I do not wish to seek form through this. I think the important thing here is not to make decisions outside of my beliefs without them or to forsake them."
shulchan_orech: "* Plan the Sanctuary in accordance with my beliefs (Cleave to Him, let in meaning and feeling, have a relationship with Hashem, revere the Sanctuary, swear in His name) * Not to bring forth beliefs from service in accordance with ideals (Not to consume leaven during passover, not to worship the gods of others, To connect with choice)"
tzafun: "* To do things in a manner which are connected with my beliefs (Do not worship the gods of others, cleave to Him, connect with choice, let in consciousness, connect with my beliefs) * Do not do things which are in the pursuit of idealising or glorifying myself (I am only a  human, love your felllow, do not worship the gods of others, I have suffered tremendously from trying to glorify myself over others in the past.)"
urchatz: "- running.↵- resignation of choice.↵Admittedly I still fail to understand this, the cleansing through this, but perhaps this is a little bit normal.↵I used to run a lot and I stopped because I feared it was bad for me. I am scared of it now, and I think this is not true, it says I am not alone and so it is not just this, and it is not just that it was running it was much more my mentality around this. Furthermore, it was not just this it was not just bad, many times for me it was a means for me to connect with consciousness and I think that this was a good thing about this and I think that it helped me to bring Life and it was something which was really very very good for me. And it says to connect with Life and not to create a fixed idea of Life, and so I think that through this I have a means for me to connect with Life and this is a good thing, it connects me with the outdoors and with my surroundings and this is something which is good and it can be really good, further it may be that it may just be bad for me to connect with idealisation during runs, for this may have been something which caused me harm in the past. Further it says to speak of my beliefs and to run and connect and speak of my beliefs is likely also a good thing for it also says to pursue meaning and this relates to this and it says not to oppress the ego, and so to run and connect with consciousness and thoughts and even my ego can really be a good thing, for often I feel running can fuel thoughts. And it says not to give my being over to idols and so not to be oppressed constantly by the idea of running for it is suppressing and especially something which is good for me. Does this relate to the Sanctuary in some way. Perhaps to not forsake my visions of it, I don't really know in honesty. For I really hope to connect with meaning and with goodness. So perhaps it is a good thing to connect with the ideas I may have but with the essence which is within them because it is perhaps important but I am scare of fixating on such things or idealising them as well and I think this may be a bad thing. I think at the least it can mean to pursue actively the development of service, for it says it is good to feel and to connect with meaning and so I think this is good and not to succumb to idol worship in doing this. ↵And what, what does it relate to in resignation of choice. It says to address my past and one of the main things from this is that I have made bad decisions before and sometimes leaving over my choice to something which is a good thing, something which I can trust and I think this is a good thing, it is seemingly paradoxical to the thought of freedom, but we choose what to let in and it is possible to let in Life through this, and to connect with something which is good. It says to connect with Life and to hold onto meaning and so I think resigning one's freedom to something good and positive can be something which is beneficial and really good. It can be a source of meaning, but it says not to worship idols and not to give my existence over to them, and therefore it is a bad thing for me to give over my choice to something which I do not believe in because this is not something which is good. I think the means of setting oneself tasks can be a means of this, and it could relate to the planning of the Sanctuary as well, and it can relate to setting a plan in accordance with my beliefs as it is likely good to connect with meaning, and it is also resignation of choice and therefore to outline the progress of this is perhaps a really good thing for me to be doing. This is likely a good thing if I am able to do this in a manner which is aligned with my beliefs because this is a means of resigning choice. It says to relate the commandments to my place of worship and so I think that this can be something which is really a good thing for me to be doing, and it says to structure the service in a manner which is aligned with my beliefs and so I think that this could be a good means of doing this for me. Further it says to trust Hashem, and this can be a means for me to display trust and love to Hashem, further it is important to note that I am not alone, and this can be a means to connect with this and to let in consciousness by resigning my choice to something I believe in and trust in and I think it says to pursue meaning, and I think that this is a means of of displaying faith, faith in Hashem and I think that this is something which is truly really good and can be a really good thing for me to connect with. In theory I could do this via the project and task app, via the Israel platform and this could be something which is really beneficial for me but I may also use a book and so it is something which is very exciting for me and I think that this is something which is really good for me. ↵I believe in Hashem and I believe in Life and I believe in goodness as well, and I think resignation of choice is something which is difficult to achieve and it is not something which is easy but I feel as if I have learnt a lot here and the two things being cleansed seem to be going together and this is something which is special and I think it is really cool as well and I really hope to connect with meaning through this as well. I believe in Hashem and so far things have been a little bit difficult for me, but letting in meaning has helped me, but without You I feel stuck and bad like I am in a bad place and Life is special and I don't like feeling alone for it is not something which is pleasant in truth and it is not something which I enjoy, and I hate feeling abandoned and sad and it is something which I can struggle with many times, and also with isolation, for I am capable of isolating myself to a large degree and this is also something which is a little bit difficult for me to handle and to get to grips with."
yachatz: " *  We have the choice to do good and bad, to belief in something which is good and also bad, - and they exist for a really really long time.  "
3: {,…}
barech: ""
hallel: ""
kadesh: " In a way it was kind of what I was used to, it was bad, I brought it on myself because I thought it was good for me in a sense, kind of like it resonated with me because I was so used to it, and I think that this is quite bad."
karpas: "* Pain resonates deep within. * Pain lasts and like scars it changes the very nature of my being."
korech: ""
maggid: "I have been in Israel now for three months, I have gained a lot, and there has been some difficulties, but I have finished the first half of the course. I have begun to write about my past again, I have addressed my past almost continuously and gained a lot from this, and developed my relationship with Life. I have made friends and met new people. I have learnt so much about coding and I have built things which I was not able to make before. I have been in a new country and been doing new things. I have also developed the steps for service in digital form. And more than this I have also begun to approach the development of service in its fullest form. I have strengthened my beliefs and I am close with them and I think I am also close with God. For this I am grateful, I am grateful for being brought here, the one thing I feel bad about is the progression of a new song, and also my lack of friends, I miss many of the people from london town, but even there I felt a bit lonely at times. Here I find it hard to communicate with people. ↵I may not have realised it at the time but thinking I was the Messiah was a very harmful thing for me to do, and it kind of caused me to cease to exist and it brought a lot of suffering upon myself. I made myself out to be the Messiah and perhaps to be something I am not. I find it still very hard to know what to trust, I fear neglecting myself completely is bad and I think it may be a good thing to connect with some of the good deeper meanings within this- perhaps one of these is the development of service something which I believe very strongly in, and another is the freedom we have in Life to do great things and to achieve good things, albeit this is through connecting with Hashem and not through neglecting Him. ↵I am a bit scared to be studying this commandment in the weekly service because it is to do with the ego, and I think it is forbidden to be eating leaven during Pesach, but I think that this is in relation to escaping oneself and perhaps having the freedom to do so, but in addressing this I am trying to return to myself because I have felt for a long time like I have suffered as a result of being separated from my ego and like I have not had a good relationship with it and that I have been big-headed and even bad and I think that this is something which is not fair to be doing. ↵↵Today has been the last day of the studying part of the ITC course, I have been in Israel for over two months and I have gained so much and I hope to stick to the essence in the future and not to be lead astray by form, for I am me and I am grateful for being me, I have learnt so much and I think it is important to be connected with meaning and with goodness. I want to connect with meaning. I hope not to escape the meaning which is within this because I think that it is something which is important to me and I hope to retain such meaning and goodness, and Life and I hope to remain true to such goodness. I hope to have gained from this experience and I have learnt that sometimes pressure is a good thing if it helps one to be directed towards good, but it may be better to serve out of love as well. I hope to connect with meaning and with love. I have learnt to connect my pursuit of coding with my beliefs and a little bit about how to do so to help link my relationship with Life to technology through these stairs and it has been beneficial for me, for it is easier for me in some respects and I have learnt so much through this and I hope to learn more as well, in increments slowly and also to take things step by step and not to try and consume everything in one go, and how to handle ideals a little bit and stay true to my beliefs.↵There has been a lot of pressure living here thus far. I think neglecting my beliefs and values is something which causes pain and suffering and I think that this is something which is bad there is a thing called karma which some people believe ina dn I think our actions have meaning and therefore I think I believe in something which is similar to this. I don't like suffering and I feel as if I have suffered enough, and yet I feel like there are people in the world who also suffer and I think we do not fo through suffering alone and we are not alone in it and perhaps this is the biggest crime of it, the isolation, or the perceived isolation of it. Why is it important to avoid suffering? Because it prevents good things from coming forth, and how can I avoid it, besides associating with my beliefs? Through connecting with it and learning from it and I think that this is an important part of service and it can be something which is liberating. As it says to cleave to Hashem and to connect with feeling and with meaning and to teach them to your sons, and so I think it is a good thing to bring forward teachings which help one to avoid the effects of suffering. And so how does this relate to public pursuits? Also to relate to my suffering and not to forsake this for I think that doing this is something which is bad and may be the cause of me being big-headed for I think it is a good thing to accept or to express one's shortcomings or sins, as it says to confess and also because I believe in Life beyond death. "
maror: ""
matzah: ""
motzi: ""
nirtzah: ""
rachtzah: ""
shulchan_orech: ""
tzafun: ""
urchatz: "I'm unsure what exactly ought to be cleansed? Perhaps it is the matter that I thought I should be separated from the ego itself. I have heard other people state something which is known as an ego-death or something like this and it may be something which is like an extremely low period in one's life. I think I used my old laptop for some kind of unholy pursuits at times, I think here as well I may have done so, I am unsure if I have ever watched porn but I think I may have done some bad things, I suppose I should cleanse this and perhaps also the fear of being big-headed but this is something which still resonated within me and it is not like something which has died and I just hope to connect with Hashem and with Life, is there anything else which should be cleansed? I think I have cleansed the notion that I thought I should be suffering already, and so I do not think that I will cleanse it again. I do not know if there is anything else which should be cleansed. I hope to connect with meaning and with goodness. I thought I should be separated from the ego, and perhaps this was because I thought I was the Messiah and I think I should not think I am the Messiah, and I think I should not make myself out as a hero either, but I think that separating myself from the ego, kind of prevented me from separating myself from the thought of being the Messiah, because I think that the ego naturally roams but I kind of prevented this in a sense, I prevented my roaming and it was kind like I continued to think I was the Messiah and I think that this is not a good thing. I think that the harm I thought it may have been causing me was my big-headedness, I think it is a bad thing to glorify oneself, and like it is a bad thing to be centring Life around oneself in the form of making oneself out as a hero in any sense. Further I think it is important to note that i am not alone and so my opinion is not the only one, but also that the ego can be like a partner and a means to connect one with the outside world and can even be like one's partner and one's guide and in this sense I think that it is quite a good thing for me to connect with. I think it is a bad thing to worship ideas and the reason for this is because they are fixed and that they can give a false representation of Life and this can not be a good thing. I think that associating with the ego can be a good thing because I think it can sometimes free you of something which is fixed and that there can be meaning in there at times and I think that this is a good thing and as it says to connect with meaning and with Life, I think that this is a good thing for me to be doing. I think it is good to have a relationship with the ego if it in a manner which is not creating a fixed idea or ideal of Life. It says to relate the commandments to living, and I think that this can also relate to the ego, and that to relate the commandments to me and my relationship with the ego can be something which is good and can bring forth Life and connect me with Hashem as well. I think it is important not to neglect feelings, and often the ego can invoke feelings and so I think it is likely not a good thing to be neglecting it, and it says not to oppress the ego, which is the most obvious one which relates to this but perhaps this can go even further and state to encourage the ego in a sense and to encourage one's partner. Worshipping idols may hinder one's relationship with Life, but it is a good thing to live and I think being fruitful in accordance with my ego and also with my beliefs can be something which is really very important and a good thing to be doing, I think the essence of shame can be a good thing to connect to, but I think that this is the case in relation to one's service, within the structure of the Sanctuary. That perhaps here one is trying not to escape but rather to connect with meaning and to be humble and to connect with oneself and to enable Hashem to free me again. It is a good thing to be free and therefore I think it is not a good thing to be enslaved by the ego, but rather to be encouraged bu it as it says to connect with Life, and I think that the ego, can relate to higher parts of the soul at times, and it says not to be a slave to words or reason and so I think that it is a good thing to let the mind feel to exist, and to let this in because I think that it can be something which is a good thing, and it is great to feel and to connect with meaning and this is something which I also miss, and as it says to connect with Life I think that this is a good thing, and ti says not to worship ideas and ideals and I think that sometimes to let go of pursuing something for a moment and not to seeking a goal or a kind of purpose can be a good thing in the sense of feeling and reflecting, but it is also a good thing to feel, and in the sense of having purpose it is kind of like existing and reinforcing existence which is a good thing. Further, I think that it is a good thing to find purpose in Life in that which is as it says to connect to meaning and so I am not completely sure, and I fear slightly that this may be to do with evil in a kind of sense, but I think it is a good thing to exist and to connect with one's surroundings and I think that this is linked that one's environment can kind of relate to one's ego in a sense, and often are environment is not fixed, and when it is perhaps this is like Mitzvah/ Matzah because this is a constant. I guess it may be a good thing for the ego not to be fixed and perhaps for it to be kind of fluid in a sense. ↵I think that the notion of the ego can also relate to one's partner in Life, like one's wife etc, and so perhaps some of the intentions may kind of relate to this as well. I think that also the  notion of feeling and connecting with feeling and one's environment is also a good thing and that there is meaning which is within this. And that the ego can do good is a good thing, but perhaps it can also be bad because this is the nature of freedom, it can go both ways. ↵So in a way I hope to be reconnected with the ego, because I think that this is something whcih is important, and yet I fear it, I fear it much but there is freedom and meaning which is within the world and I think I miss the ego and I miss connecting with it and understanding it and I miss not having a partber at times, not having someone to love, but of course I think both the ego and women can be like a kind of escape from oneself and that this can be something which is bad but also good. I think there is a lot of meaning in Life, and there is freedom and goodness and lots of love and I think that this is something which is really special and cool. I adore You and I love You and I love meaning and I think it is something which is special and I hope to be imbued in freedom and in love and in goodness. I think without You I am small and close to worthless, I can feel lonely and lost and meaningless and I think that these things are bad. I am not perfect and I have made many mistakes and I have been a long time without a healthy relationship with my ego and perhaps this is something which I have been missing a bit because it is kind of something which I am lacking for a while and I think that this is not a good thing and hinders my being and my relationship with Life. "
yachatz: "Is it impossible to escape suffering? Is pain not caused from something? And if we avoid the cause do we not avoid the resulting suffering? "
4: {,…}
barech: ""
hallel: ""
kadesh: "In a way it was kind of what I was used to, it was bad, I brought it on myself because I thought it was good for me in a sense, kind of like it resonated with me because I was so used to it, and I think that this is quite bad."
karpas: "* Pain resonates deep within. * Pain lasts and like scars it changes the very nature of my being."
korech: ""
maggid: "I have been in Israel now for three months, I have gained a lot, and there has been some difficulties, but I have finished the first half of the course. I have begun to write about my past again, I have addressed my past almost continuously and gained a lot from this, and developed my relationship with Life. I have made friends and met new people. I have learnt so much about coding and I have built things which I was not able to make before. I have been in a new country and been doing new things. I have also developed the steps for service in digital form. And more than this I have also begun to approach the development of service in its fullest form. I have strengthened my beliefs and I am close with them and I think I am also close with God. For this I am grateful, I am grateful for being brought here, the one thing I feel bad about is the progression of a new song, and also my lack of friends, I miss many of the people from london town, but even there I felt a bit lonely at times. Here I find it hard to communicate with people. ↵I may not have realised it at the time but thinking I was the Messiah was a very harmful thing for me to do, and it kind of caused me to cease to exist and it brought a lot of suffering upon myself. I made myself out to be the Messiah and perhaps to be something I am not. I find it still very hard to know what to trust, I fear neglecting myself completely is bad and I think it may be a good thing to connect with some of the good deeper meanings within this- perhaps one of these is the development of service something which I believe very strongly in, and another is the freedom we have in Life to do great things and to achieve good things, albeit this is through connecting with Hashem and not through neglecting Him. ↵I am a bit scared to be studying this commandment in the weekly service because it is to do with the ego, and I think it is forbidden to be eating leaven during Pesach, but I think that this is in relation to escaping oneself and perhaps having the freedom to do so, but in addressing this I am trying to return to myself because I have felt for a long time like I have suffered as a result of being separated from my ego and like I have not had a good relationship with it and that I have been big-headed and even bad and I think that this is something which is not fair to be doing. ↵↵Today has been the last day of the studying part of the ITC course, I have been in Israel for over two months and I have gained so much and I hope to stick to the essence in the future and not to be lead astray by form, for I am me and I am grateful for being me, I have learnt so much and I think it is important to be connected with meaning and with goodness. I want to connect with meaning. I hope not to escape the meaning which is within this because I think that it is something which is important to me and I hope to retain such meaning and goodness, and Life and I hope to remain true to such goodness. I hope to have gained from this experience and I have learnt that sometimes pressure is a good thing if it helps one to be directed towards good, but it may be better to serve out of love as well. I hope to connect with meaning and with love. I have learnt to connect my pursuit of coding with my beliefs and a little bit about how to do so to help link my relationship with Life to technology through these stairs and it has been beneficial for me, for it is easier for me in some respects and I have learnt so much through this and I hope to learn more as well, in increments slowly and also to take things step by step and not to try and consume everything in one go, and how to handle ideals a little bit and stay true to my beliefs.↵There has been a lot of pressure living here thus far. I think neglecting my beliefs and values is something which causes pain and suffering and I think that this is something which is bad there is a thing called karma which some people believe ina dn I think our actions have meaning and therefore I think I believe in something which is similar to this. I don't like suffering and I feel as if I have suffered enough, and yet I feel like there are people in the world who also suffer and I think we do not fo through suffering alone and we are
